[SWISHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hitler developed the Nazi
bell or the "die Glock."
And what he did was he sent his
soldiers all around the world,
including as far as Tibet,
to get ancient records
and information
on how to develop
this ancient technology.
He even utilized
Maria Orsitsch, who
was a member of
the Vril Society,
to channel information
on how to develop
this technology under the
Order of the Black Sun.
>> When Rudolf Hess witnessed
Maria Orsitsch as she channeled
his deceased friend,
Dietrich Eckart,
he became convinced that
she was the real deal.
Rudolf Hess had served time
in prison with Adolf Hitler,
and they knew each other well.
It's presumed that
it was Hess who
told Hitler about
Maria Orsitsch,
her channeling sessions with
the light beings of Aldebaran
and most importantly,
her flying discs.
Famed scientist
Winfried Schumann
recognized that the flying
saucer plans channeled by Maria
closely resembled the
work of Austrian scientist
Viktor Schauberger.
It was just after Hess revealed
what Maria Orsitsch was really
up to that the Germans
essentially kidnapped
Schauberger and put him to work
on the German flying saucers.
But who was Viktor Schauberger,
and what did he discover?
>> Viktor Schauberger was an
Austrian inventor who worked
actually during World War
II with the Third Reich.
And he's well-known for
his vortex mechanics.
And he worked a lot
with water vortexes.
He was early on very
interested in the way water
purified itself in streams
through natural swirling
and whirlpools and things.
And so the whole idea of what
we would call vortex technology
and in a sense using water
in this case was really
pioneered by Viktor Schauberger.
>> Viktor Schauberger created
an amazing vortex technology.
He actually analyzed and
studied fish in a stream.
He noticed that trout
were able to stand still
in a moving stream because
of the vortex of the water
flow over their body.
He analyzed the same
exact thing in salmon
who were swimming upstream.
This vortex flow of water
over the fish's body
gave him the concept
and idea to create
a vortex-based technology that
was fundamentally based off
of pulling instead of pushing.
So his actual
technology would allow
you to be pulled
through space instead
of pushing against space.
Viktor Schauberger's
egg-shaped, vortex-based engine
became critically acclaimed.
Eventually, a
corporate conglomerate
kidnapped him, brought
him to another country,
forced him to sign over
the rights to his invention
in order for him to
get back to his family.
When they did release
him back to his family,
he was found dead
five days later.
>> Viktor Schauberger's a
physicist who created a device
called a repulsine, which used
vortex generation to actually
create lift and maneuverability
of disc-shaped objects.
The interesting thing
about his techniques
is that Schauberger actually
believed that we were
doing things wrong in physics.
He said that birds did not fly.
They were flown.
And fish did not swim.
They were swum.
So all you really had to do
was tap into the forces that
existed in the ether around
us, and you could actually
generate movement and
theoretical performance
like a flying saucer.
>> Schauberger invented a number
of unusual items and devices,
including a flying saucer
kind of device that worked
as a vortex, sort of flying
tornado vortex similar
to a gyro also.
It's curious with
Schauberger's devices
in that it's quite possible
that an aircraft, particularly
a flying saucer
kind of aircraft,
could actually be powered
by water as the vortex.
>> The issue regarding the
Nazis and their flying saucer
research is there is a
basis, in fact, here.
You know, we all
know now that there
were certain German scientists
during World War II--
I think most prominently
Viktor Schauberger--
who were doing
very interesting--
let's say brilliant-- let's
say even genius-level work
on disc-shaped airframes.
Schauberger was a
self-taught genius
who was then
commandeered by the SS
to work for them during the war.
He did create disc-shaped craft.
They were tested.
>> The question is, were aliens
helping the Germans develop
technology?
And the fact is the Germans
are very bright guys, you know?
There's the old joke that heaven
is where the mechanics are
German, you know?
Hell is where the
police are German.
The Germans were brilliant.
Absolutely brilliant engineers.
And it looks like there's
a trace all the way back
to 18th century
Prussia where they
were working on and interested
in developing technologies,
airship technologies and
anti-gravity technologies.
So I don't think that the aliens
are required for the Germans
to have achieved the things that
they achieved technologically.
It wouldn't hurt.
And there's also
the fact that you
have people like
Hermann Oberth, who
was actually the mentor
of Dr. Wernher von Braun.
The physicist behind
von Braun's engineering
said, we had help from
people from other worlds.
>> In my mind, you have a
similar thing with Viktor
Schauberger as with the ancient
Hindu texts on vimanas which
talk about mercury being part
of the power system of these
ancient craft.
And supposedly, using
mercury would be also
in kind of a
Schauberger-type vortex.
But you'd be using
mercury instead of water.
And mercury has many
unusual qualities.
It's an element.
It's a metal.
It's a liquid.
It's a conductor.
You can do things with
mercury that you can't really
do with any other metal or
liquid, or element really.
And that would be creating
things like mercury gyros.
And a mercury gyro would
then be a sealed gyro
with mercury inside it,
moving as a liquid in a vortex
or a gyroscopic kind of action.
And then if you were to
introduce electricity
into that gyro of mercury, you
would electrify that mercury,
and it would become a plasma,
an electrified gas that's
spinning in a toroidal or
gyroscopic-type movement.
And scientists have used
gyroscopes for years
as an example of artificial
gravity and anti-gravity.
So in a sense of a craft that's
using this kind of vortex
technology, especially
one with mercury,
is a very viable kind of
flying saucer-type craft.
And the other interesting thing
about such a craft like that
is that once you've introduced
electricity to the mercury
vortex, it's going
to light it up,
and the thing will
be extremely bright.
So if you were to see
this thing flying,
it would be much as many UFOs
are described where there
is this spinning top
kind of gyro thing
that's also very brightly lit,
sometimes with even lights that
are flashing or
flickering or spinning
along the edge of the craft.
And this is exactly how a
mercury gyro would really
look like and act like.
>> Well, the Germans were
mounting expeditions all over
the world in the 1930s, because
they were looking primarily
for mystical devices, you know?
Their technology was
very, very advanced.
Their aviation technology
was way beyond anything
the United States developed.
>> The ancients were fascinated
with mercury all over
the world.
The Chinese and the ancient
Mexicans and Mayans.
And mercury is usually an
offshoot of gold production,
actually.
But yeah.
When you have the ancient
texts like the vimana text,
mercury is clearly
talked about there.
So mercury was a very important
thing for ancient people.
But mercury is a deadly poison.
Working with mercury,
you shouldn't do that.
Mercury gas is
completely deadly.
Mercury needs to be handled
very, very carefully
and in a closed environment.
So exactly what ancient
people were doing with mercury
is kind of a mystery, although
spacecraft and stuff is really
the obvious thing to do with it,
and other mining technologies.
Mercury really comes from
the mineral called cinnabar.
And cinnabar is a Sanskrit word.
So even geologically
and mineralogically,
words for mercury and
cinnabar come really
from ancient Sanskrit.
Mercury too in
Western tradition,
Mercury was the Greek
god of communication.
He flew through the air.
And so with the
ancient people, it
would seem that mercury and
flight are very carefully
associated with each other.
>> Using Schauberger's
vortex technology,
the Germans perfected the
device they called the bell.
What other research
were the Germans
doing during this
period of time?
>> I like to put it this way.
If you stop and think of the
modern American or Western
military arsenal,
stealth aircraft,
guided missiles, you know,
heat-seeking guided missiles,
acoustic homing
missiles, lasers,
fiber optic
communication, telephony
by optical communication
rather than radio waves,
fuel air bombs, thermobaric
bombs, particle beams,
you know, directed
energy weapons--
we can go on and on and on.
Well, the bottom line is that
if you look at the Nazi arsenal
as it stood at the conclusion
of World War II in Europe,
what you have is basically
an inventory or a catalog,
if you will, of all
of the weapons systems
that we now take for granted
in their generation one
prototypical form.
>> If there's one thing we can
say for sure about the Nazis
during the Second World War,
it's that their technology was
highly advanced.
In many respects, far more
advanced than the Allies,
even though that ultimately,
thank goodness, we won the war.
Their scientists, for example,
in the field of rocketry
and biological warfare,
chemical warfare,
they were years ahead
of everybody else.
>> And it's really only due
to the fact that Hitler sort
of took on the entire planet,
but eventually got overwhelmed.
You know, he had the Allies
coming from one side,
the Russians from the other.
And then, of course,
Japan fell when
we developed the atomic bomb,
and that brought the war
to an end.
But had all of
that not happened,
the chances are that the
Germans probably would have won,
if Hitler had sort of taken
on one place at a time
and then another and another.
>> The Germans primarily
did their saucer research
in an area of what is now
Poland, called Silesia.
And it's really
interesting, because this
is the area where the original
Prussian researchers were
situated back in the 1800s that
sent people to America to do
airship research.
In my opinion, anyway.
And it was also the
area that Hitler
protected to the
very, very last moment
at the end of World War II.
If you look at the pattern
of the Third Army of General
Patton, they crossed the Rhine.
And at that moment, the big
political prize is Berlin.
We all wanted to beat
the Russians to Berlin,
because to possess Berlin meant
that we possessed Germany.
Instead, Patton is diverted
directly to Silesia,
because that was
the area where they
had the Nazi bell,
other technologies they
were developing.
Super weapons that Hitler
talked about and that
had to be protected
at all costs.
So that must have
really galled Patton
that he couldn't go get the
prize, which was Berlin.
And instead, he had
to go to Silesia
and capture these German
technology factories.
The Nazis got very far in
their technological research.
Hitler kept telling
everybody that there
were going to be super
weapons, wonder weapons that
were going to come
out of there that were
going to save Nazi Germany.
Of course, they developed
the jet fighters, the Me 262,
the fastest, most
amazing jet aircraft
in the world at the time.
They developed the Horten Ho
229, which I happen to think
is what Kenneth
Arnold saw in 1947.
A Squadron of Ho 229s operating
out of McChord Air Force base
near Mount Rainier.
>> Through the FBI, I actually
got probably about seven
or eight really
interesting documents.
Essentially,
interviews that the FBI
had done at the end of
the Second World War
with Luftwaffe pilots and
German military personnel who
claimed to have seen
saucer-like craft
bend test flown at military
bases in both Germany
and Austria.
And they were sort of
anywhere from 30 feet
to 60 feet in diameter.
And for want of a better
term, flying saucers.
And these interviews were
taken very seriously,
and the FBI has now
actually loaded them
onto their website, The Vault,
so you can read them there.
And for that reason,
I do think there's
good evidence that
the Nazis were working
on circular aircraft,
which, you know,
potentially could
have not just worked
in the Earth's atmosphere,
but outside of the atmosphere.
>> After the war, it's generally
believed that the Germans took
their research from
Nazi Germany to Norway,
and eventually from
Norway to Argentina,
and eventually from Argentina
to Antarctica where they had
secret bases in
Neu-Schwabenland.
The Germans had the
technology, but they
didn't have the resources.
And that was the big problem.
They ultimately lacked oil.
Germany does not
have a lot of oil.
They needed oil.
They needed electricity.
They needed generating plants.
They needed to have the
facilities to manufacture
the weapons.
So even though they were
very much ahead of us
in terms of
theoretical research,
they were only at the
very end of the war
beginning to take some of
these theoretical super weapons
and actually mechanize them,
engineer them into reality.
Had the war gone on another
year, we would have lost it.
The Haunebu saucers
should have been
capable of going
almost anywhere.
I mean, the fact
is that the bell
would generate not only
a lifting capability
and an anti-gravity effect.
It would also tend to generate
a protective field, almost
a force field around
the craft that
would make it impervious
to conventional weapons,
and would also enable
you to fly in space
and not have to worry about
things like radiation and all
the different hazards.
Meteors would bounce
right off the shield.
So it makes a lot
of sense that they
would have been able to actually
go to the moon as far back
as the 1940s with
this technology.
All you'd do is you
just keep going up.
You just keep moving
in one direction.
And pretty soon,
you're in space.
And then you just point
at the moon and go there.
>> Supposedly, World War II
ended with the Allies really
entering Berlin, 1945.
But really, World War
II didn't end there.
And what apparently happened was
the Germans of the Third Reich
had created a number of
isolated and forward bases
around the world
using particularly
their U-boat fleet, but also
with other commercial ships
and aircraft as well.
And they'd already,
towards the end of the war,
apparently had begun building
flying saucer-type craft.
And there's also the
famous foo fighters
that were seen at the end
of the war over Germany.
And while some researchers seem
to think that foo fighters were
some kind of extraterrestrial
observation craft
just watching the end of
World War II or something,
other researchers believe
that the Germans had really
created the foo fighters,
and that they were really
sort of a high-tech, last
ditch effort by the Germans
to stop the bombing raids.
And that this really
was the carpet
bombing of the industrial
cities in Germany.
>> With the end of
the World War II,
the Germans were really escaping
with their vast U-boat fleet
to places in Greenland
and the Canary Islands,
to South America.
Also going to
Indonesia and Japan,
and incredibly to Antarctica
where the Germans had started
to create certain bases,
underground, undersea U-boat
bases in an area that they
called Neu-Schwabenland,
and which we today
call Queen Maud Land.
And this is the
part of Antarctica
that's pretty much opposite
of South Africa, really.
And South Africa too,
actually, was a government
at the time that wanted
to side with the Germans
during World War II.
And the Afrikaners
of South Africa did.
And the British actually
put many of the politicians
in South Africa in prison
during the entire war,
because they were on
the side of the Germans.
So really, World War II
apparently continued.
>> Well, of course, since that's
a real hidden part of history,
I don't think anybody knows
for sure what happened
to the German soldiers.
What we know for
absolute positive
is that they had the plans.
The drawings were on
the drawing board, OK?
The only argument is, did
they actually ever fly any?
The Philadelphia
Experiment, I think,
was a legitimate experiment.
I think they were experimenting
with energy manipulation.
It was very similar to what the
Nazis were doing with the bell.
The entire universe basically
is a huge energy field,
and we're all part of it, OK?
And so when you start
messing with that,
you really just don't know
what's going to happen.
>> What the Allies seemed
to finally realize,
particularly after two U-boats
surrendered after the war
in Argentina, they realized
that the Germans had had a fleet
of black U-boats, and that there
was a large number of U-boats
that were completely unaccounted
for at the end of the war.
And two surrendered in Argentina
some months after the war.
And both the British and
American military forces,
they took the captains and the
crew of these U-boats prisoners
and interrogated them for
months of where they had been
all this time after the war.
What kind of passengers and
cargo they had been carrying.
And in fact, some
of these U-boats
were apparently carrying
huge cargoes of mercury,
which is a very strange thing.
And looking into
all that over time,
I've found that there
was a U-boat that
had been wrecked in
Indonesia during the war,
and its cargo was mercury.
And then only a few years ago,
it was in Norwegian papers
that a U-boat had been found
as sunken in a fjord in Norway,
and it had been sunk
in 1944 or 1945.
And the interesting
part of that story
was that the
Norwegian authorities
were worried that this
sunken U-boat would fracture
and crack, and that
its cargo of mercury
would leak into this
fjord and poison it.
So here again, you have one of
these strange missing U-boats
but with the cargo of mercury.
Then the Allies realized that
there was something more going
on, that parts of the Third
Reich were still active,
and that they were active
particularly in South America
and Antarctica.
>> So the rat lines were
through Switzerland,
through [? Marco, ?] Spain,
and through the Vatican.
And that's where all
the SS officers kind of
went and were allowed
to change their identity
and then take on other
lives in other places.
Obviously, there
were a lot of people
that came to the United
States and Canada, Operation
Paperclip.
And then even some
went to Russia.
A lot were allowed to stay in
Germany and actually carry on.
>> Even though the
Allies won World War II,
there were nagging suspicions
that something was wrong.
Under intense questioning
by the Allies,
it became apparent that
the Germans had built
a secret base in Antarctica.
Rumors were spreading
that the Germans had
developed special
weapons which were
being kept near the South Pole.
Admiral Richard
Byrd was assigned
the task of finding
out what was going on.
>> Some strange things happened
during operation Highjump.
And allegedly, craft flew out
from the aircraft carriers
over Antarctica.
And they were involved in
some kind of aerial combat
with flying saucers.
And the flying saucer
defeated the American navy.
And they left
after three months.
Operation Highjump
came to an end,
and the Americans
left Antarctica.
>> But I think the crux came
in early 1947 with Operation
Highjump where Admiral Byrd, a
whole military expedition goes
down to Antarctica where the
Nazis had made it very plain
that they had built a
huge base down there,
sometimes referred
to as Agartha.
And that they had
located underground lakes
of warm water, and that
they had these cameras
they were operating out of.
And of course, we don't know for
certain if any of that's true.
What we know for
certain is Admiral Byrd,
Operation Highjump goes down.
They're all equipped
with troops, airplanes.
I mean, it was a
military expedition.
And they were set to
operate for nine months.
Well, after about
three months, they
came back with their
tail between their legs
after having
suffered casualties,
all kind of problems.
>> They sent this
massive task force,
including an aircraft
carrier, tons of aircraft,
a couple of destroyers
to Antarctica.
They set up a base.
And then basically, what
they did if you look at it
is their exploration pattern
was from the base, which
is at one end of Antarctica
around to Neu-Schwabenland
where the rumors are
that there actually
was a confrontation with Nazi
flying saucers who devastated
the American army.
They pack the whole thing up
and ran back to United States.
And later on, Admiral Byrd
was quoted as saying basically
that there are spacecraft
or aircraft that
are so fast and so
maneuverable and so powerful
that they are
going to come at us
from all different
directions from the poles,
and we are not going to be
able to defend against that.
So clearly, Byrd is
talking about what
he saw in Antarctica in the
battle that took place there
in 1946.
>> And Admiral Byrd then
stopped in Santiago, Chile,
on his way back to
the United States.
And he had a press
conference in Santiago
where he said a bunch
of bizarre comments
and talking about a whole new
enemy, a whole new technology,
and that they were
capable of flying.
That these craft "could
fly from pole to pole"
is what Byrd said.
And this is where some of the
stories of the hollow Earth
started to come out, and strange
stories that were promoted
in magazines in
the 1950s of UFOs
and Antarctica,
holes in the poles,
and that Antarctica was
some very special place
within the UFO scene.
>> They actually brought a
whole army there to snuff out
whatever was left over.
And they got their asses
kicked, and they came home.
And I think Admiral
Byrd was very upset.
I don't think-- maybe he thought
he wasn't adequately prepared,
and I think they killed him
just because he was raising hell
about that.
>> And Admiral Byrd in the South
American newspapers was quoted
as saying, "In the next war,
we'll be facing craft that can
fly from pole to pole
in a matter of minutes."
I think they encountered
the Nazi UFOs.
>> Between Operation Highjump,
which supposedly encountered
Nazi UFOs, and the crash at
Roswell which possibly could
have been alien, between
those two events,
they seemed to really
fire things up and begin
the creation of what we now call
the national security state.
The CIA was formed
actually in 1947.
The NSA was formed
in the early 1950s.
All of these events
seem to be connected.
The biggest event was the 1952
buzzing of Washington, DC.
And after that is when all
of these agencies like DARPA
came into existence, the Defense
Advanced Resources Projects
Agency.
All of these different
organizations came into being
and started to work
together and started
to deal with this question
of, what were these flying
saucer-like objects that
were actually swarming all
over the country at the time?
So I think there was
a definite connection
between that military
catastrophe in Antarctica,
Kenneth Arnold citing the
Roswell crash, the 1952
buzzing of Washington.
I think it created panic at the
highest levels of government,
and that's when the
whole national security
state came into existence.
>> In our next episode
of "Deep Space,"
we'll continue to explore
the relationship between
the Germans and the
Americans in dark alliance.